Update managing hostname page to include new dns details (#2928)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Umbraco-Cloud/Set-Up/Umbraco-Latch/index.md

versionFrom: 7.0.0
---

> :::Warning
> Umbraco Latch has been deprecated for hostnames added after December 8th, 2020. Hostnames added after set date is secured using Cloudflare. If your hostname was added after the mentioned date the documentation below does not apply.
> :::
> 
> # Umbraco Latch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Umbraco Latch

:::warning
Umbraco Latch has been deprecated for hostnames added after December 8th, 2020. 

Hostnames added after December 8th, 2020 are automatically secured using Cloudflare. If your hostname was added after the mentioned date the documentation below does not apply. Instead, you should follow our recommendation outlined in the [Manage Hostnames](../Manage-Hostnames) article.
:::
```
